Improve Webservices section of the documentation (#1673)
PrestaShop/docs: modules/concepts/webservice/_index.md

}
```

## Load the entity

> Don't forget to include the class file of the entity (i.e. Article.php) at the top of the main module file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to include the class file of the entity (e.g., Article.php) at the top of the main module file (unless you use a composer-based module with namespaces).
```
